Deploy with Cleavr guide (#1222)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/deployment/cleavr-deployment.md

---
title: Deploy Nuxt with Cleavr
description: How to deploy a Nuxt app with Cleavr?
menu: Cleavr
target: Static & Server
category: deployment
position: 104.1
---

> [Cleavr](https://cleavr.io) is a server management console that integrates with multiple VPS (cloud hosting) providers and helps you configure servers to host your Nuxt apps as well 
> as deploys your Nuxt apps in just a couple of clicks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cleavr](https://cleavr.io) is a server management console that integrates with multiple VPS (cloud hosting) providers and helps you configure servers to host your Nuxt apps as well as deploys your Nuxt apps in just a couple of clicks. 
```

Cleavr includes the following features: 

- Provision and configure servers ready to run Nuxt SSR and Static applications
- Secure servers and provides free SSL certs
- Deploy code from GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket repositories with zero-downtime
- Auto-installs and configures PM2 (with cluster mode enabled) for Nuxt SSR apps
- GitHub Actions integration to build app with no additional configuration required

## Prerequisites

> - Your Cleavr account is connected to your VPS and VC (version control - ie: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket) providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your Cleavr account is connected to your VPS and version control (e.g. GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket) providers
```

- You have a Nuxt SSR or Static project ready to deploy
- You have an existing provisioned server

## Step 1: Initial setup

> You can use Flash Deploy to provision / configure a new server and deploy your app in one-fell-swoop, or you can use the traditional method of adding a new
> Nuxt app to an existing server. These setup instructions will describe adding a new app to an existing server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Flash Deploy to provision / configure a new server and deploy your app in one fell swoop, or you can use the traditional method of adding a new Nuxt app to an existing server. These setup instructions will describe adding a new app to an existing server. 
```

In Cleavr, navigate to the server to add the new app to and select **Add Site**. 

> Select either Nuxt SSR or Nuxt Static web app type depending on which target you intend to deploy. Fill out the remainder website info and click **Add**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select either Nuxt SSR or Nuxt Static web app type depending on which target you intend to deploy. Fill out the remaining website info and click **Add**. 
```

This will add the site to your server and configure the server with any missing environment dependencies.

Once the site has been successfully added, go to the Web App section and click **Complete Setup** for the web app that was added. 

> Fill in the VC provider, repository, and branch to deploy fields and then click **Update**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill in your version control provider, repository, and branch to deploy fields and then click **Update**.
```
